Blog Post: Long-Term Support For Tobin Harding (#199)
OpenSats/website: data/blog/tobin-harding-receives-lts-grant-for-rust-bitcoin.mdx

---
title: "Long-Term Support For Tobin Harding"
date: '2023-12-21'
tags: ['OpenSats', 'grants', 'bitcoin', 'LTS']
draft: false
authors: ['cfunk']
images: ['/static/images/blog/19-tobin.jpg']
summary: "OpenSats Welcomes Tobin Harding as an LTS Grantee."
---

OpenSats extends a warm welcome to Tobin Harding, our newest LTS grantee hailing
from the Central Coast of New South Wales where he lives by the mantra
*”Code, Roll, Dive, Breath - Repeat.”*

In the heart of the kernel mini-conf at the Perth LCA nine years ago, Tobin felt
a spark of inspiration as he overheard discussions about patching the kernel -
"I want to do that." And the rest, as they say, is history.

With the backing of this LTS grant, he is now set to keep achieving significant
milestones for [rust-bitcoin](https://github.com/rust-bitcoin), crucial to
projects like [Fedimint](https://github.com/fedimint/fedimint),
[LDK](https://github.com/lightningdevkit/ldk-sample),
[BDK](https://github.com/bitcoindevkit/bdk), and
[electrs](https://github.com/romanz/electrs).

> Tobin's overarching goal is to release version 1.0.0 for
> [rust-secp256k1](https://github.com/rust-bitcoin/rust-secp256k1),
> [rust-bech32](https://github.com/rust-bitcoin/rust-bech32),
> [bitcoin_hashes](https://github.com/rust-bitcoin/bitcoin_hashes) and
> [rust-bitcoin](https://github.com/rust-bitcoin). He is also in the final stages
> of reviewing every public type and function, a meticulous process that often
> involves extensive discussions. This effort promises a stable API with minimal
> changes expected for at least a year.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tobin's overarching goal is to get `rust-bitcoin` to a version 1.0.0 release.
On the way, version 1.0.0 releases of 
[rust-secp256k1](https://github.com/rust-bitcoin/rust-secp256k1),
[rust-bech32](https://github.com/rust-bitcoin/rust-bech32),
[bitcoin_hashes](https://github.com/rust-bitcoin/bitcoin_hashes) and others.
He is also focused on the effort of reviewing every public type and function, a
meticulous process that often involves extensive discussions. This effort promises
a stable API with minimal changes that you guys can rely on.
```

Reviewer: My whitespace may not be correct, may need changing to suit the rest of the document.

On top of that, he’ll persist in iterating on the API to maintain its alignment
with [Rust API design principles](https://github.com/rust-lang/api-guidelines),
ensuring user-friendliness for both experienced Bitcoin developers and

> newcomers. Complementing this, Tobin is dedicated to delivering clear and
> accessible documentation. He’s also simultaneously working on a v2 of his
> [rust-PSBT](https://github.com/tcharding/rust-psbt) implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
newcomers. Complementing this, Tobin is aiming to delivering clear and
accessible documentation. He’s also simultaneously working on a new
[rust-PSBT](https://github.com/tcharding/rust-psbt) implementation
(PSBT v0, v2, and an API overhaul).
```

Author: I think that's too much detail for a general audience, I'll leave the original as is.
